Never have I ever cheated in a relationship
Never have I ever had sex on the first date
Never have I ever sent a nude picture
Never have I ever hooked up with an ex
Never have I ever drunk texted an ex
Never have I ever used a flavored condom
Never have I ever faked an orgasm
Never have I ever been paid for sex
Never have I ever gotten down in a public transport
Never have I been involved in BDSM
Never have I ever role played
Never have I ever skinny-dipped
Never have I ever had a threesome
Never have I ever had an orgy
Never have I ever been to a sex party
Never have I ever sexted
Never have I ever used sex dolls
Never have I ever used condoms
Never have I ever gone raw
Never have I ever watched porn
Never have I ever lied about my relationship status
Never have I ever been caught looking at something naughty.
Never have I ever flirted with a stranger
Never have I ever flirted with a friends parent
Never have I ever flirted with a friends sibling
Never have I slept with a friends boyfriend/girlfriend
Never have I ever cheated on my partner with their friend
Never have I ever hooked up with a hooker
Never have I ever sent a nude picture
Never have I ever slept off during sex
Never have I ever washed the toilet seat
Never have I ever taken a wing off of a mosquito
Never have I ever stuck my finger in my ass and smelled it
Never have I ever used authority over my friends
Never have I ever puked out of the driving car as the driver
Never have I ever blackmailed a child
Never have I ever gone to a funeral just for the food
Never have I ever taken anything from other people's toilet
Never have I ever been aroused by seeing
Never have I ever tried cheating in a relationship.
Never have I ever covered up a cheating friend.
Never have I ever thought of hitting on one of the persons playing this game.
Never have I ever been ghosted, ghosted someone.
Never have I ever had a one-night stand.
Never have I ever had a friend I wish I never met.
Never have I ever had the shortest night of my life with someone I love.
Never have I ever had the longest night of my life with someone.
Never have I ever faked an orgasm.
Never have I ever kissed another girl/guy.
Never have I ever had revenge sex.
Never have I ever accidentally called my boyfriend, or girlfriend using my former’s name.
Never have I ever gone for a date without innerwear.
Never have I ever had someone shave me downstairs.
Never have I ever had a splash orgasm.
Never have I ever secretly dated two people at the same time.
Never have I ever smelled my innerwear to check if it’s clean or not.
Never have I ever given or received an oral.
Never have I ever participated in a speed dating event.
Never have I ever had sex on the first date.
Never have I ever felt ashamed of having sex with someone after sex.
Never have I ever thought of/pictured someone else while s#x with my partner.
Never have I ever had a Tinder date/Bumble date.
Never have I ever f#cked a person, way older than me.
Never have I ever peeped/watched someone else having sex.
Never have I ever watched my boyfriend/girlfriend masterbate.
Never have I ever embarrassingly climaxed too early.
Never have I ever recorded a sex video.
Never have I ever taken a selfie during sex.
Never have I ever tried hitting on/dating the neighbor next door.
Never have I ever kicked someone out right after sex.
Never have I ever lied about having sex.
Never have I ever lied about my virginity
